Hunger affects less than five families and individuals.
Rain falls less than five hours and minutes.
Injury harms less than five workers and employees.
Conflict disrupts less than five meetings and gatherings.
Pollution contaminates less than five parks and gardens.
Stress impacts less than five students and teachers.
Noise disturbs less than five residents and neighbors.
Disease infects less than five patients and caregivers.
Error affects less than five calculations and results.
Delay hinders less than five projects and plans.
Fear grips less than five hearts and minds.
Mistake troubles less than five tasks and duties.
Accident damages less than five cars and trucks.
Crime affects less than five businesses and homes.
Fire burns less than five buildings and structures.
Flood damages less than five properties and areas.
Cold chills less than five people and pets.
Heat affects less than five cities and towns.
Stress strains less than five relationships and friendships.
Loss affects less than five investments and savings.
Fatigue weakens less than five athletes and players.
Confusion disrupts less than five meetings and discussions.
Breakdowns stop less than five machines and devices.
Shortages affect less than five supplies and stocks.
Failure disrupts less than five plans and schedules.
Flaws impact less than five designs and models.
Scams trick less than five customers and clients.
Fraud cheats less than five investors and donors.
Lies deceive less than five friends and family members.
Faults cause less than five errors and issues.
Spills stain less than five clothes and fabrics.
Risks threaten less than five investments and ventures.
Defects affect less than five products and items.
Breaks interrupt less than five broadcasts and shows.
Troubles worry less than five parents and guardians.
Bacteria infects less than five samples and cultures.
Viruses infect less than five computers and systems.
Interruptions pause less than five calls and conversations.
Bugs affect less than five programs and applications.
Criticisms offend less than five artists and writers.
Disputes harm less than five contracts and agreements.
Shortcomings impact less than five efforts and attempts.
Expenses reduce less than five budgets and funds.
Complications affect less than five surgeries and treatments.
Leaks damage less than five ceilings and roofs.
Breaks damage less than five bones and joints.
Delays hinder less than five flights and trips.
Hiccups interrupt less than five speeches and presentations.
Setbacks delay less than five projects and goals.
Distractions affect less than five students and workers.
Spoilage ruins less than five meals and dishes.
Reductions cut less than five jobs and positions.
Penalties punish less than five players and teams.
Infractions violate less than five rules and regulations.
Infractions disqualify less than five contestants and participants.
Clashes disrupt less than five events and occasions.
Misunderstandings cause less than five arguments and disagreements.
Disappointments upset less than five fans and followers.
Failures impact less than five tests and exams.
Crashes damage less than five planes and vehicles.
Breakdowns disrupt less than five systems and networks.
Scares frighten less than five children and pets.
Mishaps trouble less than five days and nights.
Losses affect less than five games and matches.
Disruptions halt less than five processes and operations.
Fluctuations affect less than five markets and industries.
Malfunctions stop less than five gadgets and devices.
Inaccuracies skew less than five reports and analyses.
Ruptures damage less than five pipelines and cables.
Scratches mar less than five surfaces and screens.
Stains ruin less than five carpets and rugs.
Failures affect less than five plans and schedules.
Interruptions disturb less than five lessons and lectures.
Hazards endanger less than five workers and employees.
Complaints trouble less than five managers and supervisors.
Rejections hurt less than five applicants and candidates.
Layoffs impact less than five families and workers.
Quarrels disturb less than five relationships and friendships.
Errors affect less than five accounts and records.
Offenses upset less than five people and groups.
Losses impact less than five departments and teams.
Damages ruin less than five items and objects.
Breakages destroy less than five tools and instruments.
Quarrels disturb less than five families and friends.
Mistakes affect less than five results and outcomes.
Missteps trouble less than five dancers and performers.
Collisions damage less than five ships and boats.
Overruns exceed less than five budgets and estimates.
Miscalculations affect less than five strategies and plans.
Reversals change less than five decisions and outcomes.
Illnesses affect less than five colleagues and coworkers.
Misfires disrupt less than five launches and missions.
Interruptions disrupt less than five services and activities.
Errors spoil less than five experiments and tests.
Complaints affect less than five clients and customers.
Breakdowns halt less than five productions and operations.
Misjudgments affect less than five strategies and decisions.
Glitches halt less than five broadcasts and streams.
Accidents harm less than five animals and pets.
Overloads damage less than five circuits and systems.